Gadget chains
A "gadget" is a snippet of code that exists in the application that can help an attacker to achieve a particular goal. 
An individual gadget may not directly do anything harmful with user input. However, the attacker's goal might simply be to invoke a method that will pass their 
input into another gadget. 
By chaining multiple gadgets together in this way, an attacker can potentially pass their input into a dangerous "sink gadget", where it can cause maximum damage.


It is important to understand that, unlike some other types of exploit, a gadget chain is not a payload of chained methods constructed by the attacker. 
All of the code already exists on the website. The only thing the attacker controls is the data that is passed into the gadget chain. 
This is typically done using a magic method that is invoked during deserialization, sometimes known as a "kick-off gadget".


In the wild, many insecure deserialization vulnerabilities will only be exploitable through the use of gadget chains. 
This can sometimes be a simple one or two-step chain, but constructing high-severity attacks will likely require a more elaborate sequence 
of object instantiations and method invocations. 
Therefore, being able to construct gadget chains is one of the key aspects of successfully exploiting insecure deserialization.




Working with pre-built gadget chains
Manually identifying gadget chains can be a fairly arduous process, and is almost impossible without source code access. 
Fortunately, there are a few options for working with pre-built gadget chains that you can try first.

There are several tools available that provide a range of pre-discovered chains that have been successfully exploited on other websites. 
Even if you don't have access to the source code, you can use these tools to both identify and exploit insecure deserialization vulnerabilities 
with relatively little effort. 
This approach is made possible due to the widespread use of libraries that contain exploitable gadget chains. 

For example, if a gadget chain in Java's Apache Commons Collections library can be exploited on one website, 
any other website that implements this library may also be exploitable using the same chain.


ysoserial
One such tool for Java deserialization is "ysoserial". This lets you choose one of the provided gadget chains for a library that you think the target application is using, 
then pass in a command that you want to execute. It then creates an appropriate serialized object based on the selected chain. 

This still involves a certain amount of trial and error, but it is considerably less labor-intensive than constructing your own gadget chains manually.