This lab is setup in a way to break the highest integer value in the back of around 2 billion
and this is used in the currency, when this happens the value then switches to minus 2 billion. 

You then have to let it keep running until it reaches a number like -8000 where you can then 
add products to increase the overall value of the purchase to between 0-100.

then click purchase

exact method to do this:
1. With Burp running, log in and attempt to buy the leather jacket. The order is rejected because you don't have enough store credit. 
In the proxy history, study the order process. Send the POST /cart request to Burp Repeater.

2. In Burp Repeater, notice that you can only add a 2-digit quantity with each request. Send the request to Burp Intruder.

3. Go to Burp Intruder. On the "Positions" tab, set the quantity parameter to 99.

4. On the "Payloads" tab, select the payload type "Null payloads". Under "Payload settings", select "Continue indefinitely". Start the attack.

5. While the attack is running, go to your cart. Keep refreshing the page every so often and monitor the total price. Eventually, notice that the 
price suddenly switches to a large negative integer and starts counting up towards 0. The price has exceeded the maximum value permitted for an 
integer in the back-end programming language (2,147,483,647). As a result, the value has looped back around to the minimum possible value (-2,147,483,648).

6. Clear your cart. In the next few steps, we'll try to add enough units so that the price loops back around and settles between $0 and the $100 of your 
remaining store credit. This is not mathematically possible using only the leather jacket. Note that the price of the jacket is stored in cents (133700).

7. Create the same Intruder attack again, but this time, under "Payloads" > "Payload settings", choose to generate exactly 323 payloads.

8. Go to the "Resource pool" tab and add the attack to a resource pool with the "Maximum concurrent requests" set to 1. Start the attack.

9. When the Intruder attack finishes, go to the POST /cart request in Burp Repeater and send a single request for 47 jackets. 
The total price of the order should now be -$1221.96.

10. Use Burp Repeater to add a suitable quantity of another item to your cart so that the total falls between $0 and $100.

11. Place the order to solve the lab.

This sort of requires burp suite pro therefore I havent done this